feat: more info from interopedia (#4261)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-objc-interop.md

>
{type="warning"}

`@ShouldRefineInSwift` helps to replace a Kotlin declaration with a wrapper written in Swift. The annotation marks a
function or property as `swift_private` in the generated Objective-C API. Such declarations get the `__` prefix,
which makes them invisible from Swift.

You can still use these declarations in your Swift code to create a Swift-friendly API, but they won't be suggested in
the Xcode autocomplete.

* For more information on refining Objective-C declarations in Swift, see the [official Apple documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/improving-objective-c-api-declarations-for-swift).
* For an example on how to use the `@ShouldRefineInSwift` annotation, see the [Kotlin-Swift interopedia](https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/kotlin-swift-interopedia/blob/main/docs/overview/ShouldRefineInSwift.md).

### Change declaration names

> The `@ObjCName` annotation is [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained) and requires [opt-in](opt-in-requirements.md).
>
{type="warning"}

To avoid renaming Kotlin declarations, use the `@ObjCName` annotation. It instructs the Kotlin compiler to use

> a custom Objective-C and Swift name for classes, interfaces, and other Kotlin concepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom Objective-C and Swift names for classes, interfaces, and other Kotlin entities:
```

Author: I think we should keep 'concepts' here, this term is used in the first level of the docs tree

Reviewer: Oh, I'm not saying that the term is wrong, but that it's not appropriate here: we're trying to say that `MySwiftArray` can be a custom name for the entity called `MyKotlinArray`. `MyKotlinArray` is an entity of the kind described by the Kotlin concept of a class, but that's not important here, as an entity of any kind can be assigned a custom name.

Maybe it's more clear to rewrite the sentence like this: "It instructs the Kotlin compiler to use the specified custom name for the annotated class, interface, or another Kotlin entity." Right now the plural "classes" can indeed be understood both as referring to the concept of a class and to the set of all implemented classes.

```kotlin
@ObjCName(swiftName = "MySwiftArray")
class MyKotlinArray {
    @ObjCName("index")
    fun indexOf(@ObjCName("of") element: String): Int = TODO()
}

// Usage with the ObjCName annotations
let array = MySwiftArray()
let index = array.index(of: "element")
```

[See another example in the Kotlin-Swift interopedia](https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/kotlin-swift-interopedia/blob/main/docs/overview/ObjCName.md).

### Provide documentation with KDoc comments

Documentation is essential for understanding the basics and the finer details of any API. Providing documentation for
the shared Kotlin API allows you to communicate with its users on matters of usage, dos and don'ts, and so on.

> By default, [KDocs](kotlin-doc.md) documentation comments are not translated into corresponding comments when generating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [KDocs](kotlin-doc.md) comments are not translated into corresponding comments when generating
```

Seems redundant, but please check my assumption here.

* See [Build final native binaries](multiplatform-build-native-binaries.md#declare-binaries) to see how to declare binaries.
* Check out the [Kotlin Multiplatform sample project](https://github.com/Kotlin/kmm-basic-sample) for an example.

If you don't want to export Kotlin declarations to Objective-C and Swift, you can use special annotations, [`@HiddenFromObjC`](#hiding-kotlin-declarations-from-objective-c-and-swift)

> and [`@ShouldRefineInSwift`](#use-refining-in-swift).

Reviewer 2: @ShouldRefineInSwift is for another purpose and the declaration is exported but hidden. Don't you mean @HiddenFromObjC and internal?

Author: Thank you! I agree that this paragraph is confusing, it's better to remove it
